README.md, before:

# Audity's-A-Journey-to-Data-Analysis-Data-Science-I
This repository contains the coding assignments for the study plan "A Journey to Data Analysis &amp; Data Science - I", organized by the Data Science &amp; AI Community - RUET. 

## Assignment Overview

### Week-3 Assignment: NumPy Basics (Topics Covered)
1. **Introduction to NumPy and Array Creation**
2. **Array Indexing and Slicing**
3. **Reshaping Arrays**
4. **Broadcasting and Element-wise Operations**
5. **Basic Statistics with Arrays**
6. **Real-World Problem: Sales Analysis**


### Week-4 Assignment: Pandas (Topics Covered)
1. **Creating DataFrames**
2. **Indexing and Slicing**
3. **Data Analysis**
4. **Importing and Exporting Data**
5. **Real-World Problem**


### Week-5 Assignment: Intermediate Pandas
1. **Grouping & Aggregation**
2. **Merging & Concatenation**
3. **Time-Series Analysis**
4. **Pivot Tables & Cross-Tabulations**
5. **Exporting Data**

### Week-6 Assignment: Visualizing Data with Matplotlib
1. **Dataset Selection**
2. **Basic Plots**
3. **Customizing Plots**
4. **Insights and Observations**


## How to Run the Notebook

1. Clone the repository: <br>
   For Numpy Assignment
   ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/AudityGhosh/Audity-s-A-Journey-to-Data-Analysis-Data-Science---I/Week_3_Task_2_Assignment_Numpy_Basics.git

   ```
   For Pandas Assignment
     ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/AudityGhosh/Audity-s-A-Journey-to-Data-Analysis-Data-Science---I/Week_4_Task_2_Pandas_Assignment.git

   
    ```
   For Intermediate Pandas Assignment
     ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/AudityGhosh/Audity-s-A-Journey-to-Data-Analysis-Data-Science---I/Week_5_Task_2_Intermediate_Pandas_Audity_Ghosh.git

Commit message:

Update README.md with seaborn

README.md, after:

# Audity's-A-Journey-to-Data-Analysis-Data-Science-I
This repository contains the coding assignments for the study plan "A Journey to Data Analysis &amp; Data Science - I", organized by the Data Science &amp; AI Community - RUET. 

## Assignment Overview

### Week-3 Assignment: NumPy Basics (Topics Covered)
1. **Introduction to NumPy and Array Creation**
2. **Array Indexing and Slicing**
3. **Reshaping Arrays**
4. **Broadcasting and Element-wise Operations**
5. **Basic Statistics with Arrays**
6. **Real-World Problem: Sales Analysis**


### Week-4 Assignment: Pandas (Topics Covered)
1. **Creating DataFrames**
2. **Indexing and Slicing**
3. **Data Analysis**
4. **Importing and Exporting Data**
5. **Real-World Problem**


### Week-5 Assignment: Intermediate Pandas
1. **Grouping & Aggregation**
2. **Merging & Concatenation**
3. **Time-Series Analysis**
4. **Pivot Tables & Cross-Tabulations**
5. **Exporting Data**

### Week-6 Assignment: Visualizing Data with Matplotlib
1. **Dataset Selection**
2. **Basic Plots**
3. **Customizing Plots**
4. **Insights and Observations**

### Week-7 Assignment: Advanced Data Visualization with Seaborn
1. **Dataset Selection**
2. **Distribution and Relationship Plots**
3. **Categorical Data Visualization**
4. **Insights and Observations**


## How to Run the Notebook

1. Clone the repository: <br>
   For Numpy Assignment
   ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/AudityGhosh/Audity-s-A-Journey-to-Data-Analysis-Data-Science---I/Week_3_Task_2_Assignment_Numpy_Basics.git

   ```
   For Pandas Assignment
     ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/AudityGhosh/Audity-s-A-Journey-to-Data-Analysis-Data-Science---I/Week_4_Task_2_Pandas_Assignment.git

   
    ```
   For Intermediate Pandas Assignment
     ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/AudityGhosh/Audity-s-A-Journey-to-Data-Analysis-Data-Science---I/Week_5_Task_2_Intermediate_Pandas_Audity_Ghosh.git
